### 7.3.12 [2017-10-09]

* Added horizontal rule (hr) to tinymce editor
* Added class dropdown to the tinymce link dialog box

### 7.3.11 [2017-10-09]

* Made jobs categories and subcagegories easy to manage
* Set default to now() for date or datetime fields in custom forms
* Fixed encoding error on paypal_thankyou_processing
* Fixed handling of disabled registration forms
* Ensured correct venv is used for subprocesses
* Registered forums to apps_list
* Updated invoices search for custom forms
* Multiple more bugfixes

### 7.3.9 [2017-09-06]

* Replaced allowed_to_view_orginal with has_perm for photos
* Fixed multiple membership types validation error
* Excluded admin_only payment method for non-admin
* Truncated the date list to start with current year for newsletters
* Some updates on corp memberships
* Added tendenci footer to email notifications
* Added category and subcategory drop downs to articles search
* Added reference_number field to /py/ 
* Made videos sort draggable
* Sending notification only at the time the corp cap is reached
* Made category and video_type editable for the videos list
* More bugfixes

### 7.3.8 [2017-08-16]

**Improvements**

* Added logo field to corporate memberships
* News can be viewed by release year and linked on news search
* Removed stub test files so the real tests stand out
* Updated corporate membership summary report with more graphs


**Fixes**

* Bugfix on event registration with custom form 
* Set start_dt and end_dt to current year for newsletter events
* Fixed AttributeError: 'Options' object has no attribute 'module_name'
* Fixed TypeError: Related Field got invalid lookup: icontains
* Bugfixes on form entries export, jobs add/edit, renewed_members and profiles


### 7.3.3 [2017-07-21]

* Fixed NoReverseMatch on email delete
* Bugfix Attribute error on group members export
* Resolved the 'form' name conflicts - the name conflicts occurs when a custom form is embedded in a template header
* Caught DjangoUnicodeDecodeError exception on helpdesk
* Fix UnicodeEncodeError on jobs add/edit


### 7.3.2 [2017-07-13]

**Improvements**

* Video thumbnails will be pulled from youtube API for youtube videos if needed (when embedly is not available), so no need to upload thumbnails for youtube videos.
* Updated version for the dependencies django-simple-captcha (to 0.5.5) and Pillow (to 4.2.1).
* Added categories to the admin backend.

**Fixes**

* Fixed the members graph on dashboard
* Removed the extra space from CAPTCHA image.


### 7.3.1 [2017-07-03]

**Improvements**

* A new site setting is added for embed.ly API key to allow your site to sign up for your own embed.ly API Key.
* Made video categories draggable.
* Handled html emails for Helpdesk tickets - stripped html from email body and added to ticket description.

**Fixes**

* Fixed raw HTML showing up in renewal alert.
* Removed the deprecated sets module.
* Fixed UnicodeDecodeError on jobs add_message.
* Disabled the correct button during event registration
* Updated the way of handling unsubscribe url to prevent it from being broken.


### 7.3.0 [2017-06-07]

* Upgraded tinymce from 4.3.8 to 4.6.3 which fixed the issue about image linking not working.
* Made the number of members on profiles consists with the one on memberships reports.


### 7.2.81 [2017-06-05]

* Bugfix and updated for email edit
* Moved "generated by Tendenci" email footer to a template include.
* Payment/Invoice bugfixes

### 7.2.80 [2017-06-01]

* Bugfix AttributeError
* Allow user to view/edit invoice if bill_to_email matches
* Include guid in Pay Online button on Invoices
* Removed deprecated PayPal redirect_cmd parameter



### 7.0.0 [2015-06-09]

- Support Django 1.8